docs: expand streaming conceptual guides (#1524)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/cloud/how-tos/stream_values.md

# How to stream full state of your graph

> This guide covers how to use `stream_mode="values"`, which streams the value of the state after each node execution. This differs from using `stream_mode="updates"` because instead of streaming the just the update to the state after every node is run, it streams the entire graph state. Click [here](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/low_level/#stream-and-astream) to see a nice diagram that intuitively explains the difference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers how to use `stream_mode="values"`, which streams the value of the state at each superstep. This differs from using `stream_mode="updates"`: instead of streaming just the updates to the state from each node, it streams the entire graph state at that superstep. Read [this conceptual guide](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/low_level/#stream-and-astream) to learn more.```
